# ChatterProbe

## Table of Contents
+ [About](#about)
+ [Technologies Used](#techs_used)
+ [Getting Started](#getting_started)
+ [Issues](#issues)
+ [To do](#to-do)

## About <a name = "about"></a>
The application built using Next.js and Tailwind CSS enables users to access and search a large database of research articles from Google Scholar with ease. The integration of the SerpAPI provides users with the ability to get relevant and updated results in a few clicks. Users can also view the abstract of the papers, and can further delve into the details by clicking on the link to access the paper on the Scholar website.

Furthermore, users can ask questions related to a particular research paper from the GPT-3.5-Turbo model using the Open API. This integration provides users with the opportunity to ask questions related to the research paper they are interested in, and receive answers generated by the GPT-3.5-Turbo model. This feature is particularly useful for researchers and students who want to understand a research paper in detail, and may have questions or doubts about it.

Overall, this application provides a seamless and user-friendly experience for those who are interested in exploring and understanding research papers. The combination of SerpAPI and GPT-3.5-Turbo provides users with access to the latest and most relevant information, as well as an intelligent AI model that can answer questions related to the research papers.

## Technologies Used <a name = "techs_used"></a>
The application is build using Next.js and Tailwind.

APIs such as [SerpAPI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/google-search-results-nodejs)  and [Open API](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openapi) have also been used.

[Typed.js](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/) has been used to enhance the visuals.

## Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>
First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

The Project uses two api endpoints, one is the api endpoint for SerpAPI and the other is for Open Api. They can be accessed and edited inside the api folder.

Dynamic Routing is used for the results on searching for research paper topic.

## Issues <a name = "issues"></a>

1. Netlify has a 10 second request execution limit. It cannot be changed and thus sometimes the open AI function exits with code 502.

2. The Serp API has no option for scraping the content of a research paper, so we are using demo text to populate the preview page. However, the questions can be asked and the model will reply with reference to the research paper.

3. OpenAI api credits have expired. So the response from the gpt api is exiting with status code 429.

## To do <a name = "to-do"></a>

1. Add pagination to result page.
